
[00:00:00] Do you need a cla powered a gentic OS? As a gentic coding tools like claude code only get more powerful, the gap between what they can do and what the average user can pull out of them only gets bigger. And to close that gap, we need a holistic architecture that solves the big three problems almost every user faces. And that's memory, consistency, and a terminal interface that completely intimidates non-technical users. Now, claude code is going to be the engine of 
[00:00:30] our agentic OS car. One that remembers everything we've done, executes our work in the same way every time, and can be driven by anyone on your team. And today, I'm going to show you what that looks like, why it matters, and what you should be thinking about when you build this for yourself. Now, what do we mean when we say a cloud code powered agentic OS? Are we just talking about some fancy dashboard like this? Not exactly. What we're really talking about is setting up cloud code in a way that solves the big three problems. And that is the memory gap, the consistency gap, and the access 
[00:01:02] gap. Let's start with memory. What am I talking about? Well, there's a reason why every other video in your feed is talking about Claude Code and Obsidian. There's a reason why every other video in your feed is talking about Carpathy's Obsidian Rag system. And that's because we are all trying to figure out a way to have Claude code remember its past conversations with us, have some sort of memory store, and do this in a simple manner that doesn't require you to understand more complex rag systems. The second problem is consistency. How can I 
[00:01:32] have cloud code do specific things in a specific way to get a specific outcome all the time? And the answer to that is twofold. It's a combination of skills and automations. And more so than just skills and automations, it's setting it up in a way that makes sense for either you the individual and how you do daily tasks or your company or your client's company at large. There's a reason this kind of looks like an org chart. What you do or what your business does should be kind of thought about in this way in 
[00:02:02] like a mental model in regards to how you can integrate cloud code. For example, this is kind of my setup. I have cloud code is the engine. I have Obsidian for memory. I have daily productivity tools in the Google suite via the GWS CLI. I have an entire branch for research, an entire branch for content. And then I can continue along this line for anything custom I want. Under each branch, underneath each function, it could not be research and content for you. Think about your business. It could be sales and marketing and admin. We have the skills 
[00:02:34] that allow me to do a specific thing in a specific way for a specific outcome based on that you know sort of function for research I have all these specific custom skills for YouTube I have all these specific custom skills on and on and on but it's set up in the specific hierarchy so a I understand what's going on what I need to change and b it's very clear for cloud code how these things need to be executed and then from there you move on to automation do these skills need to be on demand Do they need to be run at a certain time? Can it be 
[00:03:05] run locally? Does it need to be run in the cloud? Both. All the above kind of dictates how you're going to use it. And that's the consistency gap this sort of agentic OS deals with. Lastly is the accessibility gap and where something like a command center or dashboard like this comes into play. What the heck is the point of creating some sort of command center dashboard if I can do everything through the terminal? Well, there's a few reasons. First of all, think of this from the perspective of a non-technical member of your team who 
[00:03:35] either wants to start using claude code and harness the power or they need to start using cloud code and harnessing its power but they just aren't going to use the terminal. They just aren't. And even something like co-work is a step too far. Well, by creating an agentic OS system like this, we can harness a lot of the power of cloud code and a lot of the power of all this stuff, all the skills, the automations, all these sort of things, but just turn it into a button on the command center and run it 
[00:04:05] this way. If I took a random guy off the street right now and I put them in front of this dashboard and I said, "Here's what these buttons do. Use them in X or Y use case." Well, guess what? He just kind of extracted 90% of the power of cloud code without even having to open a terminal. Now, can he build things from this dashboard? Absolutely not. But I can essentially take a nontechnical member of my team, set them up with cloud code, and they now have access to a lot of its functionality if it's built out for them. Now, those of you who are 
[00:04:36] more advanced when it comes to cloud code and you're totally comfortable with the terminal will scoff at that right away. But I think there's something to be said about if you are even on this channel in the first place and you've used cloud code, you are in a bubble within a bubble and you have absolutely no idea or you've completely forgotten how intimidating this is for a lot of people. And so this sort of dashboard setup is huge if you want to bring nontechnical members of your team into the fold. And just like non-technical members of your teams, potential clients also tend to fall on the non-technical 
[00:05:06] side of the spectrum. And if you're someone who runs an AI agency or sells any type of AI implementation, you understand one of the hardest things to do is to sort of communicate what a tool like Claude Code can actually do. Because again, to most people, terminal blackbox might as well be magic. But if I make it look like an org chart and I say, "Hey, Claude Code has memory. Hey, it can handle sales, marketing, admin, insert custom function, and we do that via these skills, yada yada yada. Oh, by the way, you never need to touch a 
[00:05:36] terminal. We're instead going to give you dashboard. You're just going to click these buttons as needed. All of a sudden, it makes sense to them. And some of you will definitely scoff at that, but that's the truth. Packaging and communication of the cloud code ecosystem of the cloud code OS is a massive, massive value play. and we'll have a discussion at the end of this video for those of you who are more advanced about where you can actually find some value in this sort of agentic OS setup because I think you still can pull value from this. Now, before we dive into this a little more deeply, a 
[00:06:07] quick word from today's sponsor, me. If you want to learn how to master cloud code, especially if you aren't technical, then you need to check out my Claude Code Masterass, which includes everything you see here today with the Aentic OS, the setup, the skills, how to customize it, all that. because this master class is all about bringing you up to speed on how to use cloud code when it comes to real life use cases. So if you want to get your hands on this, it's inside of Chase AI plus. There is a link to that in the pin comment. Now let's dive into all these layers in a little more detail starting with memory. 
[00:06:38] Now we kind of touched on this right with the Carpathy Rag system. I've done full videos on this showing you how to set it up and I'll link that above. So I'm not going to belver how to set this up yourself. But a big question always is, should I be using actual rag? You know, should we be using light rag? Should we be using superbase or pine cone or something like that? I think the answer is no. For most people, you do not need a full-blown agentic rag system. You just need some sort of basic form of memory, and Obsidian does this just fine. The standard setup we've 
[00:07:09] talked about in the past of having like a raw, a wiki, and a projects type flow, I think is perfect. And it's extremely customizable. It's just folders, guys. That's all that's going on here. And on top of that, it's free. So memory is a huge value ad to any cloud code system and it is mandatory in an agentic OS setup. Now let's talk about the rest of this chart. This idea of productivity, consistency, skills, and automations and also the idea of customizing this because this is going to be different 
[00:07:39] for you. You might not use Gmail. You might not care about researching stuff for content, let alone about posting content. you are going to be o very much over here in the custom branch. So how would you create this and how do you need to approach this? Well, like I alluded to before, I think we need to approach it from sort of a domain perspective, an org chart perspective, right? If this is a business, then one of these needs to be marketing, right? One of these needs to be sales. And we break it down like this so you, the human being, can have the proper mental model. Claude Code is smart enough to like for you to just throw all of this 
[00:08:10] in like a single folder and it can figure it out. But you need to understand how it works or else you're never going to be able to improve it. So in my example, I have a bunch of stuff related to research. How do I and how do you then determine the requisite skills that you need to create or find on your own to become sort of your research stack or your sales stack or your marketing stack? Well, luckily it's pretty simple. These skills all need to be a reflection of dayto-day tasks in your actual workflow. So for me when I'm 
[00:08:42] doing research, what does my research look like in the morning? Something very broad. Where am I doing that you that research? Well, sometimes it's on YouTube. Sometimes it requires something like firecrawl. What do I then do with that research? Well, sometimes in certain cases it does go to a light rag system for me. Sometimes I need to send it to notebook LM to do that. And sometimes I have one-off use cases where I need to do deep research that goes well beyond a simple web crawl. The point is you need to start thinking about what are my daily tasks. Then turn 
[00:09:12] that task into a specific skill. Sometimes these tasks will have subtasks underneath them. Aka one skill will have other skills beneath it. And then you just have Claude code create those tasks for you. And specifically you use the skill creator skill to create said skills. That way it's optimized in terms of its title, description, its trigger. We can test it. we can get actual quantifiable data back. You then repeat that process for each and every domain of your personal life, business, 
[00:09:43] whatever it is you're applying the agentic OS system to longterm. You then adjust these skills and you update them accordingly. Like everyone's going nuts over stuff like Hermes cuz it has like a self-updating skill kind of thing. My opinion kind of goes overboard, but you should approach this the same way. These are not only ultimately customizable, we can edit them forever. Just because you create the skill once doesn't mean that's how it has to stay. And again, this is completely customizable. This can apply to literally anything you, your team, or your client does. Do they have an e-commerce website on Shopify? 
[00:10:13] Are they using Stripe? Do they have some sort of CRM tie-in? Are they deploying things to GitHub? It's infinite. You can do whatever, but you need some sort of system. Now, once you create all the skills you're going to use, next we need to start thinking about automation. A, do we need to automate it? Is this something that's always going to be on demand? If we do need to automate it, then the question becomes, is this going to be local or is this going to be a cloud automation? Something that's remote. Remote is probably the better word here. So, I have a skill. I have a task. Is it 
[00:10:45] going to be a local automation or is it going to be a remote automation? Now, we need to specify if it's going to be local or remote because that's going to change how we set up this automation, this routine, this schedule task inside of Cloud Code. Now, how do I know if it should be local? or if it should be remote. Well, the easy answer is you go to clawed code, you tell it what you're trying to do, and it's going to spit it out for you, right? That's the easy answer. The better answer is it depends on what we're doing. If it is a task that requires us to interact with 
[00:11:16] something on our computer, if it's a task that requires some sort of CLI that's on our machine. So, hey, if I'm doing some sort of task that requires the notebook LM PI CLI, is that something I'm going to be able to execute in the cloud with the Cloud Code schedule tasks? No. But if it's a task that includes skills that already are native to Cloud Code, so let's say I wanted to run a task where every morning it does a web search about Claude Code news and it turns into report. Well, 
[00:11:47] that's something that could totally be remote, right? If it's native tools, it doesn't interact with your computer itself. It can be remote. If it's a task that interacts with your files, your folders, your CLIs, that is going to be local. So, remote tasks are much more constrained. However, with remote tasks, because they are remote, I can run them whenever I want. My computer can be shut down. I don't have to be at the screen. It's just going to run automatically in the cloud, and it's going to push it 
[00:12:17] somewhere like GitHub. That's exactly how remote tasks work with cloud code. You can do this through the terminal. You can do this through the desktop app. But remote scheduled task will run no matter what. So I have a GitHub daily tasks. It looks at, you know, trending GitHubs every single morning. Does that in the cloud, not on my computer. I don't have to be there. And then it sends the report to my GitHub. Compare that to my deep research workflow which uses the notebook LMI CLI. It also includes the firecross CLI. I can't do that remotely in the cloud through cloud 
[00:12:48] code. There are ways to do that, but it requires a lot more setup. Now, of note, want to know why everyone goes nuts over Mac minis? It's because of this situation. It's because on a Mac Mini, I can do all these local tasks forever. It's on my computer, it never shuts down, and I have none of the issues of remote, right? Because it's a computer, it has the CLIs, it has my local files. So, you get the best of both worlds when you have like a Mac Mini setup. That's why everyone loves them. The other potential workaround is you use something like a VPS which is like okay now I'm going to have cloud code hosted 
[00:13:18] on some remote server but again that requires some technical setup. So when it comes to automations how do I turn this agentic OS system into something that just runs all the time for specific tasks. Well you have to know which route you're going down. And that's sort of the workflow when it comes to setting up the actual tasks that cloud code is going to do in this agentic OS framework. And you simply repeat that for any sort of domain you want over and over and over again. And again for client side type stuff for 
[00:13:49] someone who's running a AI agency, you just package these. Oh, you want the research pack? Oh, you want the content pack? Oh, you want the marketing pack, etc., etc. Being able to package things and slap a name on it does increase the value. Even if if we reduce it, it's the exact same thing. And that brings us here to the dashboard to the command center, which is our visual link to everything we spoke of. And just like with the skill setup in the automations, this is also infinitely customizable. Now, the real power is down here where 
[00:14:20] we have taken all of your tasks, turned them into skills or automations, and now just turn them into buttons on a dashboard that anyone can execute at any time without even opening up Cloud Code. So, for example, if I wanted to use my vault cleanup skill and have Claude Code clean up my vault, I just click it here. It adds it to the prompt so I can adjust as needed. But I click run and what's happening in the background is claude code is running headless. So it's just like having an invisible claude code 
[00:14:50] terminal up and it's executing that skill. Then you get a full response like this which is also reflected inside of the Obsidian vault. Speaking of the vault, I can see all the recent changes. I can see my forecast when it comes to upcoming routines. I can see recent runs. And then obviously up top here I have some usage windows and I can open up Cloud Code with this. I can quickly go into my vault and ultimately I can have this do whatever I want. I can change out the usage for, you know, anything. It could be like a rolling update of certain, you know, Twitter 
[00:15:21] posters or hacker news or anything. Point is, you can make this what you want. But there is a ton of value of setting it up this way again for your non-technical team members or for a client because, hey, we went through this scenario where we walk through what it is you do. We turned it into a skill or an automation and hey, guess what? Now you can run it yourself anytime you want. You just click a button. And so as you can see, we're taking all the power of this, you know, all this leg work at the beginning of setting up these skills and these automations for you, your team, and your client and distilling it 
[00:15:52] into the most simple form possible here. And then we surround it with whatever buttons, graphs, usage rates, cards, tickers, whatever you want around it, whatever makes sense to you and what you need to see. And that is a huge value play for 99.9% of the population. Now for that 0.1% of the population who's watching this who is very proficient with claude code and it's like okay like I get it. I get the idea of hey we have Claude as a 
[00:16:23] conductor here and then you talk to Claude code and we add the memory and hey like this is a great mental model for breaking things down and adding skills that link to processes so we get a specific outcome every single time. I get that. But Chase, I already do that. Like, I've been using claude code for a long time. I understand how the terminal works. I don't need to like write this out or even have a visual for it. Like, I get it. I I made the skills and I just tell it to use the skills. Furthermore, you know, I don't really understand the the value for me for this sort of 
[00:16:53] dashboard. Like, okay, so I click a button where otherwise I would have just done like a forward slash or just use natural language to call the skill. And yeah, these things are cool, but like do I need necessarily the rolling usage? You know, like what's the value play for me, the more experienced advanced user for an agentic OS system? Well, the truth is the value is what you make of it because yes, if you are advanced enough and the terminal is where you live, you don't need frankly this sort of like mental model and you can kind of 
[00:17:23] abstract this all away like the terminal is not a black box for you. You naturally understand where all this works. I will argue that a lot of people who say they don't need it have never actually gone through the time or in the depth that they should in terms of breaking down the actual tasks they do and really breaking down into skills. But you still understand even if you haven't done that how to do it in the the theoretical application there in terms of the command center and dashboard for you the extremely proficient cloud code user. Yeah, you're not the one who's getting the value out of this sort of setup. Like you already 
[00:17:53] get how to do this. You're the one who made it. So the value to you again is what you make it. Will you get value out of having some sort of one-stop shop for the outputs of all these things? Because we can definitely go a step further than what Obsidian does where everything's broken down into a markdown file and all these subfolders. What if we take all those at a daily basis and we just put it on a dashboard? Ultimately, that's for you to decide. I'm not going to sit here and, you know, tell you why that's so great because it just depends. Totally depends on your use case. But yes, totally. The more advanced you are, 
[00:18:24] the less sort of frameworks you need, the less architecture you need. But understand, you aren't the ICP here. Like, and you also aren't part of totally the 99.9% of population who needs this, who is asking for this, and there's true value there. It just isn't really given to them right now. So, I think understanding this framework makes a lot of sense for a lot of people, even if it's just you and your team members. So, that's where I'm going to leave you guys for today. Okay, I think you're going to see this agentic OS framework type deal all over the place. I think it's great to sort of 
[00:18:55] have this mental model and a clear system of how you need to think about cloud code in terms of setting up skills and the architecture and memory and automations and then being able to put it in a single place that is easy for you to execute because when we talked about optimizing cloud code, you need to optimize for you. There's no right or wrong answer and I but I do think this is a great step forward for most people. Now, if you want to get this exact system, like exact dashboard, all the skills you see here, you can find all that inside of Chase AI Plus, like I talked about earlier. So, let me know 
[00:19:25] what you thought. Interested to see what sort of systems you've used, um, any ideas you got for improving this. But besides that, I'll see you